Azure application gateway doc (#4444)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/microsoft-azure/sql.md

Since this source contains logs from multiple regions, make sure that you do not tag this source with the location tag.
:::

##### Enabling Microsoft Defender for Cloud
For Security events, make sure you enable [Microsoft Defender for Cloud](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-sql/database/azure-defender-for-sql?view=azuresql#enable-microsoft-defender-for-sql). If you have an existing settings, click **Edit Settings**.
<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/Microsoft-Cloud-Defender-Edit-Settings.png')} alt="Edit Settings" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="800" />

> In **Defender Plans** Settings page toggle the **Databases** status under **Cloud Workload Protection** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In **Defender Plans** settings page turn on the **Databases** status under **Cloud Workload Protection** section.
```
